README.md, before:

# sql_school_db_queries
multiple questions solved on school db(consist multiple tables)_8 questions included


1.Calculate the average rating given by students to each teacher for each session created. 
  Also, provide the batch name for which session was conducted.
  
  
2.Find the attendance percentage  for each session for each batch.
  Also mention the batch name and users name who has conduct that session


3.What is the average marks scored by each student in all the tests the student had appeared?


4.A student is passed when he scores 40 percent of total marks in a test.
  Find out how many students passed in each test. Also mention the batch name for that test.


5.A student can be transferred from one batch to another batch. If he is transferred from batch a to batch b. 
  batch b’s active=true and batch a’s active=false in student_batch_maps.
  At a time, one student can be active in one batch only. One Student can not be transferred more than four times. 
  Calculate each students attendance percentage for all the sessions created for his past batch. 
  Consider only those sessions for which he was active in that past batch.


6. What is the average percentage of marks scored by each student in all the tests the student had appeared?


7. A student is passed when he scores 40 percent of total marks in a test. 
  Find out how many percentage of students have passed in each test. Also mention the batch name for that test.


8. A student can be transferred from one batch to another batch. 
  If he is transferred from batch a to batch b. batch b’s active=true and batch a’s active=false in student_batch_maps.
  At a time, one student can be active in one batch only. One Student can not be transferred more than four times.
  Calculate each students attendance percentage for all the sessions.

Commit message:

query modified
query modified
readme modified

README.md, after:

# SQL School Databse Queries
multiple questions solved on school db(consist multiple tables)_8 questions included

### Query 1
Calculate the average rating given by students to each teacher for each session created.Also, provide the batch name for which session was conducted.
  
### Query 2
Find the attendance percentage  for each session for each batch.Also mention the batch name and users name who has conduct that session

### Query 3
What is the average marks scored by each student in all the tests the student had appeared?

### Query 4
A student is passed when he scores 40 percent of total marks in a test.Find out how many students passed in each test. Also mention the batch name for that test.

### Query 5
A student can be transferred from one batch to another batch. If he is transferred from batch a to batch b. batch b’s active=true and batch a’s active=false in student_batch_maps.At a time, one student can be active in one batch only. One Student can not be transferred more than four times. Calculate each students attendance percentage for all the sessions created for his past batch. Consider only those sessions for which he was active in that past batch.

### Query 6
What is the average percentage of marks scored by each student in all the tests the student had appeared?

### Query 7
A student is passed when he scores 40 percent of total marks in a test. Find out how many percentage of students have passed in each test. Also mention the batch name for that test.

### Query 8
A student can be transferred from one batch to another batch. If he is transferred from batch a to batch b. batch b’s active=true and batch a’s active=false in student_batch_maps.At a time, one student can be active in one batch only. One Student can not be transferred more than four times.Calculate each students attendance percentage for all the sessions.
